Just finished watching Pachinko on Apple TV, after having some trouble getting into it initially, then reading the book and returning to the series.

The series is enjoyable on its own, particularly with the lush visuals (I love the intro scene with the main cast dancing in a pachinko parlor) and excellent acting (k-drama viewers will recognize many seasoned actors). But the departure from the chronological structure of the book to time-jump Slaughterhouse 5-style, which I find interesting and it does leave things totally open content-wise for future seasons, removes Sunja from the anchoring role she plays in the book as it chronicles four generations of a Korean family in Japan.

In fact, the series seems to be putting more emphasis on the grandson Solomon, who starts out the series in modern-day Japan (with a white American boss instead of a Japanse boss educated in America, and potential Japanese coworker love interest instead of a Korean-American fiancee), and a whole book-prequel storyline for Hansu, the yakuza who becomes involved with Sunja at the very beginning. And while I'm a fan of the [Lee Min Ho](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lee_Min-ho) who plays Hansu ([City Hunter!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/City_Hunter_(TV_series))), we lose the female-centric feeling of the book ("it's a woman's lot to suffer" is a recurring refrain).

But whatever your opinion about the series vs. the book, it's worth watching for the history (my favorite part towards the end of the season are the interviews with elderly Koreans in Japan), and it's always nice to see Asians on TV.
